release deck 1.34.0 (#6952)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/deck/reference/deck_file_namespace.md

---
title: deck file namespace
source_url: https://github.com/Kong/deck/tree/main/cmd/file_namespace.go
content_type: reference
---

Apply a namespace to routes in a decK file by prefixing the path.

By prefixing paths with a specific segment, colliding paths to services can be

> namespaced to prevent collisions. For example, two API definitions that both expose a
> '/list' path. By prefixing one with '/addressbook' and the other with '/cookbook',
> the resulting paths '/addressbook/list' and '/cookbook/list' can be exposed without
> colliding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
namespaced to prevent collisions. For example, two API definitions that both expose a
`/list` path. By prefixing one with `/addressbook` and the other with `/cookbook`,
the resulting paths `/addressbook/list` and `/cookbook/list` can be exposed without
colliding.
```

To remove the prefix from the path before the request is routed to the service, the
following approaches are used:

> - If the route has 'strip_path=true,' then the added prefix will already be stripped.
> - If the related service has a 'path' property that matches the prefix, then the
>   'service.path' property is updated to remove the prefix.
> - A "pre-function" plugin will be added to remove the prefix from the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the route has `strip_path=true`, then the added prefix will already be stripped.
- If the related service has a `path` property that matches the prefix, then the
  `service.path` property is updated to remove the prefix.
- A `pre-function` plugin will be added to remove the prefix from the path.
```
